hi I'm Christina from better recipes get
excited because right now we are going
to make barbecue pork ribs these are
lick your fingers good here's what
you'll need 10 tablespoons of chili
powder divided half a cup of light brown
sugar divided six tablespoons of minced
garlic divided two tablespoons of coarse
salt 3 tablespoons of olive oil plus a
little bit of more for brushing 2 large
onions that have been chopped 2 cups of
ketchup 2 cups of strong coffee brewed
and a third of a cup of apple cider
vinegar then we have two racks of pork
spareribs about two and a half pounds
each let's start by making the dry rub
here I have four tablespoons of the
chili powder a quarter cup of the brown
sugar two tablespoons of the garlic and
the coarse salt mix this all together
it's going to be a really flavorful
sweet and salty dry rub I've Pat the
ribs dry and now they're in a lightly
oiled baking pan I'm going to take our
rub and cover both sides of the ribs get
a real nice thick coating on there
before we grill the ribs we're going to
bake them for about 30 minutes and a 350
degree oven while the ribs in the oven
let's put together this amazing homemade
barbecue sauce so put your oil in the
saucepan and then there it you have the
two cups of chopped onions so we're
going to cook this over high heat so
I'll stir this until the onions are
softened about eight minutes the onions
are looking great so now I'm just going
to add in the remainder of the chili
powder and the rest of the garlic I'm
going to saute this for about another
minute longer now I'm going to add in
the ketchup
the coffee
apple cider vinegar and then the rest of
the sugar
so I'm going to stir this occasionally
until it reduces down to about 4 cups
that should take about 40 minutes the
barbecue sauce is looking great I'm
going to take out about two cups of it
and we're going to use that for basting
the rest of it you can save and serve on
the side spend about a half an hour the
ribs are out of the oven they're looking
great and now it's time to put them on
the grill but first I'm going to brush
the tops of the ribs with this great
barbecue sauce
this barbecue sauce is going to be so
flavorful and delicious on top of the
rub we already have doesn't get much
better than this the grill is preheated
to moderately high heat and now I'm
going to put the ribs on the grill BBQ
side down ok I'm going to base the other
side with the sauce give it about 5
minutes on this side turn it over
another five minutes and it's done are
you ready to see this this is looking
good check that out pork ribs are done
not even wait put it right on your
serving platter there we go serve the
ribs alongside the remaining barbecue
sauce and you're done doesn't get much
better than this during the summer
that's how you make barbecue pork ribs
thanks for watching be sure to subscribe
and check out our other videos if you'd
like to see a specific recipe please
send us an email to request at Mahalo
calm